Privacy Policy for Luma

At Luma, accessible from https://discord.gg/49YNgs8dEq, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by Luma and how we use it.

If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.

This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in Luma. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this bot.

Consent

By using our bot, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its terms.

Information we collect

We dont collect any information of users, servers, channels or roles. So you cant contact us to delete datas, because we dont collect any kind of datas.
If you have any other issues or questions, feel free to contact us at janschultzee@gmail.com or send me a dm on discord: SyntaxError#8180. You can also join te supportserver to open a ticket and ask there: https://discord.gg/49YNgs8dEq

Advertising Partners Privacy Policies

You may consult this list to find the Privacy Policy for each of the advertising partners of Luma.

Third Party Privacy Policies

Luma's Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or bots. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options.

Children's Information

Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.

Luma does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our bot, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
