# Terms-of-Servive-of-Vulpo
These are the Terms of Service from the DIscord Bot Vulpo.

1. terms
By inviting the Discord bot Vulpo, accessible through https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=925799559576322078&permissions=8&scope=bot, you agree to these Discord Bot Terms of Use and agree that you are responsible for compliance with all applicable local laws. If you do not agree to any of these terms, you are prohibited from inviting this bot. The materials contained in this Discord bot are copyrighted and trademarked.

2. license to use

Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of Vulpo's materials for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is a grant of license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:

Modify or copy the Materials;
Use the materials for commercial purposes or for public display;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notices from the Materials; or
transfer the Materials to another person or mirror the Materials on any other server.
If you violate any of these restrictions, Vulpo's Developer may terminate your use of Vulpo. Termination also terminates your right to inspect and you should destroy any downloaded materials in your possession, whether in hard copy or electronic form.

3. disclaimer

All Vulpo materials are provided "as is". Vulpo makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and therefore disclaims all other warranties. Further, Vulpo makes no representations concerning the accuracy or reliability of the use of the materials or concerning any such materials linked to Vulpo.

4. limitations

Vulpo or its suppliers shall not be liable for any damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the Vulpo Materials, even if Vulpo or an authorized representative of this site has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damages. Some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties or liability for incidental damages, so the above limitations may not apply to you.

5. revisions and errors

Vulpo's materials could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Vulpo does not warrant that any of the materials are accurate, complete, or current. Vulpo reserves the right to make changes to the materials contained at any time without notice. Vulpo does not make any commitment to update the materials.

6. links

Vulpo has not reviewed all of the linked sites and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The existence of a link does not imply endorsement by Vulpo of the site. Use of a linked website is at the user's own risk.

7. changes to the website terms of use

Vulpo may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this website, you agree to be bound by the most current version of these Terms of Use.

8. your privacy

Please read our privacy policy.

9. applicable law

Any claim relating to Vulpo's website shall be governed by the laws of Germany without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
